Fix to quickstart install instructions (#294)
redis/docs: content/integrate/redis-data-integration/ingest/quick-start-guide.md

### Install RDI

Install RDI using the instructions in the
[installation guide]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/ingest/installation" >}})

> During the installation, RDI asks you for the pathname of the folder where you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the installation, RDI prepares the pipeline template for the source database you selected in /opt/rdi/config
```
